# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

Version number 1.MINOR.PATCH, increments:
- MINOR version when functionality was added, removed, changed
- PATCH version when bug fixes were added


## [Unreleased]

- see [GitHub issues labeled "Soon"](https://github.com/andre-st/amazon-wishless/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Asoon)


## [v1.5] - 2022-02-19
### Changed
- Moved project to Python 3, Python 2 no longer supported



## [v1.4.10] - 2021-07-25
### Fixed
- used-price wasn't extracted any longer due to additional new lines in the source HTML and
  confusion over Python's regex library: re.match() and re.search() same but one is multiline



## [v1.4.9] - 2021-01-17
### Fixed
- Amazon modified its wishlists webpage; we retain backwards compatability to older page versions
- Sometimes there are scraping errors from the very start and you have to restart the program; 
  in earlier versions the final HTML report was mistakenly (re-)written with 0 books



## [v1.4.7] - 2020-06-08
### Changed
- The HTML report is now generated by the Python script itself, but still using the XSLT file. 
  Reduces dependence on the benevolence of the web browser or external XSLT processors (see v1.4.4).
  There is a new setting in settings.py: `WISHLISTS_XSLOUTPATH` which defaults to `wishlist.html`



## [v1.4.4] - 2020-04-22
### Changed
- Firefox doesn't autoload the XSLT file anymore, 
  which is referenced by the XML file and located in the same directory ("Cross Origin" and file URIs). 
  `wishlist.sh` generates the HTML file outside the browser now using `xsltproc` 
  if available on the user's system and will print a warning otherwise.


## [v1.4.3] - 2020-03-26
### Fixed
- `ValueError: invalid literal for int() with base 10: 'MEDIUM'`:
  Amazon encodes priorities either with literals ('MEDIUM', 'LOWEST' etc) now or numbers (0, -2 etc).

### Changed
- Amazon doesn't display alternative price offerings on its wishlists anymore.
  At least in the source code there's an alternative price for items not offered by Amazon.
  Unfortunately, this situation reduces the value of this project.



## [v1.4.1] - 2019-11-21
### Added
- Download-delay setting to handle 503 Service Unavailable from Amazon

### Fixed

- Scrapy settings in settings.py were ignored



## [v1.4.0] - 2019-10-31
### Added

- XML viewer indicates _free shipping_ option



## [v1.3.0] - 2019-10-04
### Added

- new XML-viewer section with products <= n EUR, you can confgure 'n' in the XSLT file

### Changed

- allows non-exact URls for wishlist exclusion in settings.py, it's sufficient if an url _starts with_ the given strings



## [v1.2.0] - 2019-09-18
### Added

- override default buy-prices by specifying a buy-price directly in a 
  product comment on an Amazon wishlist
  ([#2](https://github.com/andre-st/amazon-wishlist/issues/2))
- the XML-viewer only adds products to the "Latest" section if there was a 
  _significant_ price cut which can be configured in `wishlist.xslt`

### Changed

- the XML-viewer sorts products by priority first (highest to lowest) _and_ price second (lowest to highest), now
- new program dependency: `lxml` replaces the minidom library for internal XML operations



## [v1.0.0] - 2019-09-07


